Refine documentation (#132)
iter8-tools/docs: docs/user-guide/performance/parameters.md

# Performance test parameters

Iter8 performance tests are run using [Helm](https://helm.sh). Tests can be configured with parameters in the same manner as any other Helm command -- using [chart values](https://helm.sh/docs/chart_template_guide/values_files/#helm) and the `--set` option.

> The `tasks` parameter is used to identify the sequence of tasks that should be executed. Each task may have its own parameters. Iter8 uses the convention that the parameters of a task are nested under the name of that task. In the following example, the `url` parameter of the `http` task is nested under the `http` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tasks` parameter is used to identify the sequence of tasks that should be executed. Each task has its own parameters. Iter8 uses the convention that the parameters of a task are nested under the name of that task. In the following example, the `url` parameter of the `http` task is nested under the `http` object.
```

--set http.url=https://httpbin.org/get
```

> All the parameters of the performance test (including of all included tasks) are optional unless otherwise documented. The task specific parameters are documented in the task documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the parameters of the performance test (including of all included tasks) are optional unless otherwise documented. The task-specific parameters are documented in the task documentation.
```

Currently available tasks are:

- [`http`](tasks/http.md) - generate synthetic load and capture performance metrics for HTTP endpoints
- [`grpc`](tasks/grpc.md) - generate synthetic load and capture performance metrics for gRPC methods

> - [`ready`](tasks/ready.md) - test readiness of an object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`ready`](tasks/ready.md) - checks readiness of an object
```

I think it might make sense to avoid using the word "test" as much as possible here

> - [`github`](tasks/github.md) - send a github notification
> - [`slack`](tasks/slack.md) - send a slack notification

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`github`](tasks/github.md) - send a GitHub notification
- [`slack`](tasks/slack.md) - send a Slack notification
```

--set http.url=https://httpbin.org/get
```

> All the parameters of the performance test (including of all included tasks) are optional unless otherwise documented. The task0specific parameters are documented in the task documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the parameters of the performance test (including of all included tasks) are optional unless otherwise documented. The task-specific parameters are documented in the task documentation.
```
